This is a very interesting exercise, as it involves hacking smart contracts! I don't know about you, but I am a bit of a crypto-bro (Do Only Good Everyday) and it was quite interesting learning more about blockchain tech and smart contracts. Still not sure I'd ever want to be a developer, though....

Anyway, once you've read through the instructions, you can begin by downloading the task files. They come in a zip directory, so you will just have to extract the contents---preferably someplace where they won't make a mess. If you use Linux like me, depending on your distro you may be able to use the "unzip" command to do the job---though you may need to install it first. I am working on a Debian machine, so I think unzip just came with the OS. It should be pretty easy to figure out, just ask ChatGPT.

If you are using a Mac or, Buddha forbid, Windows machine---SWITCH TO LINUX NOW! Just kidding, it's not necessary (but people at security conventions WILL look at you funny). For Windows, I always just right-click on the .zip "folder" and select Extract. As for Mac, I'm not sure I've ever worked with a .zip directory on it. In any case, I am confident that you, my esteemed reader, are tech-savvy enough to figure it out!

We will first open up our IDE, Remix, which we can access by clicking on the "Remix IDE" hyperlink in the "Practical Application" subsection of the instructions:

[1]

And you should see this now:

[2]

Under "Files" you will see the option to "Open File". We are going to open both of the .sol files which we extracted from the .zip directory. Once you have opened both of them, you should see them in the FILE EXPLORER on the left-hand side:

[3]

Next step is to compile each contract---but what does it mean to compile them? If you've had any exposure to programming concepts, you may already heard the term. Just in case you don't know what it is (I don't quite remember, despite having studied C as my first programming language), let's do a little refresher.

According to Techopedia.com, "Compile refers to the act of converting programs written in high level programming language, which is understandable and written by humans, into a low level binary language understood only by the computer [...] To compile, you need a compiler, which is a software program that converts high level programming language into machine code". https://www.techopedia.com/definition/540/compile

Not so difficult to understand, right? 
